# Release notes for project oz_worker


CHANGELOG
---------

### 3.0.0-alpha3

* VFS-1638 enable simple auth mixins and adjust redirection pages after login
* VFS-1672: New callbacks for login create
* VFS-1672: Conditionally show/hide modals on onezone
* VFS-1638 add support for custom GUI
* VFS-1672: User dropdown on the right
* VFS-1672: New homepage account dropdown style
* VFS-1672: New rendering of social icons in onezone
* VFS-1638 add real user credentials to backend
* VFS-1672: Onezone panels
* VFS-1638 differentiate between chosen provider and default provider
* VFS-1672: Updated oneicons 1.3
* VFS-1665 Pull in Macaroons.
* VFS-1544 distributed gr is packaged via onezone repo
* VFS-1672: Fixed main menu blinking on click
* VFS-1544 uuids easier to use with http
* VFS-1638 switch to hash based location service, use server backend for spaces and providers
* VFS-1638 enable login for all oauth providers
* VFS-1638 allow logging in with openid providers
* VFS-1638 allow pages without .html extension to server index.html
* VFS-1638 add new gui_livereload modes
* VFS-1544 updating CW and adapting to refactored dns
* VFS-1672: New routes and draft of onezone layout
* VFS-1636: Red menu highlight on top (z dimension) of menu line
* VFS-1638 add polling and watching options for gui livereload


### 3.0.0-alpha2

* VFS-1665 Pull in Macaroons.


### 3.0.0-alpha

* VFS-1622 Add openssl to package requirements.
* VFS-1520-delete annotations from all ct_tests
* VFS-1528 Remove deprecated use of erlang:now/0
* VFS-1428 Add endpoint that allows for getting token issuer.
* VFS-1378 adjust to the new ctool API
* VFS-1223 add rest port to macaroon's location
* VFS-1223 Handle empty macaroon-discharges header.
* VFS-1223 Parse macaroons from HTTP headers.
* VFS-1223 Implement first revision of macaroon-based auth.
* VFS-1123 Use Macaroons for tokens.
* itegrate ssl2
* VFS-914, DNS server in GR supports aliases
* VFS-914, add DNS to GR



### 2.1.0

* Better behaviour when GUI window is small
* Provider instruction updated



### 2.0.0

* Support for spaces
* Support for logging with Google, Facebook, Dropbox, Github and PL-Grid
* User account management enabled
* Support for tokens



________

Generated by sr-release. 
